NEP: Update NEP 42 to note the issue of circular references (#16778)
numpy/numpy: doc/neps/nep-0042-new-dtypes.rst

   can simply use a default (singleton) dtype instance which is found only
   based on the ``type(obj)`` of the Python object.

The Python type which is already associated with a DType through the
``DType.type`` attribute maps from the DType to the Python type.
A DType may choose to automatically discover from this Python type.
This will be achieved using a global a mapping (dictionary-like) of::

   known_python_types[type] = DType

To anticipate the possibility of creating both a Python type (``pytype``)
and ``DType`` dynamically, and thus the potential desire to delete them again,
this mapping should generally be weak.
This requires that the ``pytype`` holds on to the ``DType`` explicitly.

> Thus, additionally to building the global mapping, NumPy will store

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thus, in addition to building the global mapping, NumPy will store
```

    of `long`, `unsigned long`, `int64`, `unsigned int64`, and `object`
    (on many machines `long` is 64 bit).

    Instead they will need to be implemented using an
    ``AbstractPyInt``. This DType class can then provide
    ``__discover_descr_from_pyobject__`` and return the actual dtype which
    is e.g. ``np.dtype("int64")``.
    For dispatching/promotion in ufuncs, it will also be necessary
    to dynamically create ``AbstractPyInt[value]`` classes (creation can be
    cached), so that they can provide the current value based promotion
    functionality provided by ``np.result_type(python_integer, array)`` [1]_.

To allow for a DType to accept specific inputs as known scalars, we will
initially use a ``known_scalar_type`` method.

> This allows discovering a ``vector`` as a scalar (element) instead of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This allows discovery of a ``vector`` as a scalar (element) instead of
```
